[narrator] It is said
that every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
Previously on Saint Seiya...
[Long] Go, Seiya! Find Athena!
She needs your help!
-[yells]
-No, you don't!
Run! Mylock will meet us
at the heliport!
[Sienna] This is it.
This is where Guraad
is storing Cosmo.
Sienna, we're out of time!
Sienna!
[alarm blaring]
[computer] Warning!
Pressure reaching
critical levels.
Immediate action required.
The system won't hold any longer!
Sienna, we have to go!
It's too dangerous!
Whoa.
Beautiful.
You did it.
-[rumbling]
-[both gasp]
But we have to leave now!
[computer] Danger!
System failure.
Critical overload imminent.
-Danger! System failure.
-[growls]
Critical overload imminent.
[grunts]
[Black Knight yells]
[groans]
It's time to finish you.
[Seiya] Long!
[Black Knight] There's Athena.
Forget the others! Get her!
[roars]
[screaming]
Long! Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Seiya, Long, hurry!
We don't have much time!
We need to get to the heliport!
[alarm continues blaring]
[Magnus] Where's Mylock?
[Shaun] The VTOL!
Where's the VTOL?
We need to get out of here now.
But we can't leave
without them.
-[footsteps approaching]
-Huh?
I know. I know.
No one wants to leave
without Sienna.
You, Long, and that fool, Seiya.
Since I'm with you, I guess
that makes me a fool, too.
[chuckles]
Welcome to the club, Magnus.
Now let's do this.
Oh, great.
There she is. Get Athena!
Where is Mylock?
You're done!
I got this.
Nebula Chain!
[gasps]
Hah! We already know
what you're aiming for,
but that trick won't work.
That's the only hope
you had, isn't it?
[sighs]
Meet your end, Athena!
You're not fighting her.
You're fighting me!
Are you ready?
[chuckles]
Onyx Bomber!
As long as I trust my Cosmo,
I can see everything.
[footstep]
[chuckles] It's two against one.
You don't stand a chance.
[sighs]
[Magnus] I've got your back.
-[footstep]
-No, I've got yours.
They've gotten stronger!
[Black Knights laughing]
What do we do now? There's
no way out of this place.
-We might have to jump for it.
-No! Stand your ground!
Seiya,
we're running out of room!
[Seiya] Trust me!
Mylock is on his way!
Nowhere left to run.
It's time to end the era of gods.
[Seiya growls]
We'll never give up! Never!
I knew it.
[Seiya] It's about time!
Milady, get in!
[Black Knights grunting]
No, you don't!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[Black Knights yell]
Seiya, come on!
-[rumbling]
-Whoa!
[Shaun] Seiya!
[rotors thrumming]
[flames crackling]
[Shaun] We did it!
Man, that was close.
Well done, Seiya.
Yeah, thanks to you guys.
Never give up,
no matter the odds, right?
Yeah, there were
a lot of 'em back there.
[Long] And we couldn't find
their weakness.
[Seiya] Well, next time,
we'll be ready.
Where is my grandfather?
I can take you to him.
So you killed him.
I thought I would see you again.
I held on to hope
that you were alive, but I was wrong.
Grandfather.
Lady Sienna.
What's wrong?
Is everything okay?
Please, leave me alone.
It's okay. Come on, guys.
Shouldn't we stay with her?
Let's give her some time.
All her life, Sienna has had
to be a leader and a goddess.
She's never had a chance
to mourn her grandfather.
[Shaun]
But I'm worried about her.
[Seiya] Don't be.
She's tougher than all of us.
We saved her from forces
that want to harm her,
but the damage
has already been done.
She may be a goddess,
but how much more can she take?
Sienna's lost
the only family she's ever had,
but that doesn't mean
she'll give up.
Yet, in the end,
we may lose everything.
Shaun, what's wrong?
[chain rattling]
Incoming!
-[alarm beeping]
-[gasps]
More Black Knights?
That's impossible!
Nothing could have survived
that explosion.
Yeah, but it looks like someone did.
[growls]
Sienna!
Aw, come on.
We're going down!
Is everyone okay?
-[metal clanks]
-[all gasp]
[Sienna] Guraad.
Your little gambit
may have slowed me down,
but I won't be stopped,
not until I've rid the world
of every single one of you.
-Mylock, get her out of here!
-I'm already ahead of you.
Do we have a plan
for this Black Knight?
This much, much bigger
Black Knight?
Its size makes no difference.
We stick to our purpose,
protect Athena.
Well, if it's
just a bigger Black Knight,
then maybe it has
the same weakness.
Nebula Chain!
[scoffs]
No way!
You may not learn from
your mistakes, but I do.
Onyx Bomber!
[all yell]
-[Long gasping]
-Sienna.
Let me handle this.
That Armor
won't help you, Guraad.
You're no match
for my speed and quickness.
You may be fast,
but not fast enough!
[groans]
[roars]
[Long gasps]
[groans]
That's enough.
Now it's my turn!
[gasping]
Just like Alman,
you hear my words,
but you don't understand.
You can't beat me.
I have more than enough power
to kill you.
I have enough power
to kill all the gods.
[laughs]
[footsteps approaching]
What's this?
Milady, no.
Get out of here. Run.
It's okay, Mylock.
I'm not going to run.
[growls]
Vander, if your goal is simply
to kill me, then go ahead.
I will.
You're welcome to try,
but you won't succeed.
Watch me.
[yells]
You're just a spoiled teenager.
You're nothing!
[gasps]
[groans]
I am the reincarnated Athena.
You can't destroy me, Vander.
You may indeed be a god,
but the humans have no need
for gods ever again.
Onyx Bomber!
[groans]
Milady.
And now, by my hand,
death to Athena!
The gods need to be
reincarnated in human form.
That is your weakness, Athena.
[gasps]
[groans]
This isn't personal, Sienna.
I once loved you
like my own daughter.
But, for the sake of the human race...
I have to send you to where Alman is.
No!
What?
If you touch her, I will destroy you.
Seiya.
You really don't know
how to lose, do you?
[yells]
Now where were we
before we were interrupted?
[gasps]
-Stop!
-Hmm?
Leave her alone.
You again?
You're right about one thing.
I don't know how to lose,
and I won't give up, ever.
[Vander scoffs]
I know your type, Guraad.
When I was a kid, I was
surrounded by people like you...
people like you,
who think they know
everything about the world...
people who think they're
the center of the world.
[Vander] You've gone mad.
No. I see you for exactly
what you are, a bully.
People like you
used to try and break me.
But Sienna and my friends
showed me that there's
a different world out there,
a world where I can do anything
so long as I never give up!
Onyx Bomber!
[groans]
That ought to you shut you up.
-[dirt scraping]
-Huh?
[panting]
Impossible.
No one could survive that.
[gasps]
I can do anything...
so long as I never give up
Seiya, no!
[Vander]
You sure are persistent...
but I've built the tools
I need to kill the gods.
They'll kill you as well.
Onyx Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[groans]
[gasps] No.
Eh?
Seiya, don't worry about me.
Save yourself.
Do you remember
when we first met, Sienna?
What?
You didn't make fun of me
or my sister.
-[gunfire]
-[Mylock yelps]
Thanks.
Now let's get out of here!
-You dropped something.
-Eh?
Uh, that's a-- [gasps]
This must be someone special to you.
My sister.
Everyone would laugh at me for
holding on to a kid's drawing...
but not you.
You understood
what she meant to me then
and what she means to me now.
[gasps]
Look at you, Guraad,
blindly following the prophecy
like a madman.
Open your eyes.
Take a good look at our goddess.
She always stands up,
always comes back,
no matter how much she's cursed.
She believes in herself,
even when no one else does,
and she stands
to protect humans.
And as long as she stands,
I will, too.
The goddess is already
the guardian of humans,
whether or not the prophecy
is right or wrong!
[gasps]
Sienna won't give up on humans,
and I believe in her!
[gasps]
The Pegasus!
Grandfather was right.
Seiya is the true Pegasus.
I'll prove it to you, Guraad.
Sienna is worth protecting,
worth saving.
When it comes time,
Sienna will fight for us!
No! You're wrong!
What? [gasps]
[Sienna gasps]
Now die!
We don't need gods.
I will save humanity!
I'm the only one who can.
[roars]
What?
[grunting]
Now I can see.
The power of the spirit
has no limits,
and Cosmo has no limits, either.
As long as you never give up,
your Cosmo will keep growing!
Pegasus Ryu-Sei-Ken!
[Vander] Yes.
[yells]
You fool!
I can absorb all your Cosmo.
[yells]
What?
It can't be.
My armor.
No one can release
that much Cosmo!
[yells]
[groaning]
Seiya!
[footsteps shuffling]
I was born under
the constellation of Pegasus.
But I don't do what I do
because of destiny.
I do it,
because I want to support you...
with all my heart and soul.
[Long chuckles]
What's so funny?
You.
You won.
Our fearless leader.
[chuckles] The power
of the spirit is infinite,
and that's
why Cosmo is infinite.
Learn something new every day.
I know we've lost a lot,
but, thanks to all of you,
I've gained more
than I ever could have dreamed of.
[gasps]
Sienna!
Milady!
She's been shot!
How?
[Long] I don't know.
It can't be.
Sienna!
[gasping]
[ballad playing]